Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#1971)
codenvy/che-docs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Link checker has been run successfully against the PR branch
- [ ] Documentation describes a scenario that is already covered by QE tests, otherwise an issue has been created and acknowledged by Che QE team

> - [ ] Changed article references are updated where they are used (or a redirect has been set up on the docs side):

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Changed article references are updated where they are used (or a redirect has been configured on the docs side):
```
